hi i am welcome to a video by couches
campers this video is about a 2010
crossroads cruiser this is the CTX
lightweight version this model is called
a 27 RL which stands for we're living
room and down here in the basement area
we have docking station which has your
low point water drains your black tank
flush city water you've got your dumping
valves and stuff here as well and also
behind this little latch up here you
have cable satellite and telephone
hookups all located right there you can
kind of see here you got quite a bit of
storage space throughout the basement
area you can also see to that all your
floor studying and everything is
aluminum framing the wall studs are
aluminum frame and the roof studs are
also aluminum frame
they have a very nice rounded
aerodynamic front cap gives you a little
better turning radius on short beds due
to the notch back here you can kind of
see how round it out and bubbled it is
makes it cut through the wind a little
easier when you're traveling down the
road we have a power awning we have
outdoor speakers 10 gallon gas electric
water heater upgraded aluminum wheels
we've got the large grab handle at the
entry door here so you can get an add a
little easier
this is really nice on the back here we
have a hitch where you could hook a boat
to it small little cargo trailer or
something also a hitch light back here
and basically that allows you to tow
something behind you if you go boating
or something like that or want to take a
motorcycle with you units all fiberglass
exterior it's got tented safety glass
windows this coach has a 2 year
manufacturer warranty five-year
structural warranty get the ladder on
the back here we have the 30-inch
stabilizer Jack's on the back we also
have the polar tech insulation upgrade
the gorilla cage which is all their
aluminum frame caging and stuff as well
take you on inside here let's take a
look here we have two euro chairs which
basically recline and swivel in circles
and also have the foot stools we've got
hide-a-bed sofa free standing dinette
and chairs place it'll hold up to a 26
inch flat screen and the bracket is
already there for the flat screen so you
don't have to get that we have a DVD
am/fm CD stereo below the TV area over
there also plays DVD movies
we have the upgraded 22 inch oven
instead of the small 16 which a lot of
brands have in it we have an upgraded
genetic gas electric refrigerator which
is 8 cubic foot not the smaller 6 you'll
find in most coaches
I've got a 12 volt ceiling fan up top
here help circulate some air it's got a
upgraded air conditioner on it which is
a ducted air conditioner you've got the
upgraded porcelain foot flush toilet a
little easier to clean and maintain than
the plastic cheap ones we have a roof
vent up there with a small little fan in
there got a glassed-in neo-angle shower
nice easy step up into it you don't have
the big garden tub where you get a step
up a foot and a half to get into it nice
size sink
kind of see inside the shower frame here
nice little medicine cabinet to put all
your stuff in emergency exit window over
here carbon monoxide detector as well on
the wall and you've got a nice little
hanging closet and shelf to put things
in behind the hanging closet there's
actually a little night stand with
electric outlet as well and the same
thing on the other side and it's got
little reading lights below the shelf
there so you can read at night time
without keeping the big lights on TV
area up here as well this also has the
bed that raises up for storage and stuff
and we have the 26-inch LCD TV as well
and that is located right below the bed
there we keep them out just so they
don't end up disappeared
you've got some hanging closet space
here and some more shelf space down here
we've got nice linoleum getting in and
out of the shower area and also you'll
see the heat vents are through the floor
heat rises so they like to put that
through the floor and all the air
conditioning vents will come through the
ceiling as air cooler air falls
pantry area here
this is a nice tall closet area as well
which does have a hanging bar up there
so you can actually hang stuff in here
or if you'd like to you could build your
own little shelves and kind of set it up
for another pantry area and you've got
full extending ball bearing drawer
guards when these drawer guides are
really nice heavy-duty also to they have
little locks on them you'll see a lot of
brands leave these little locks off that
saves them about a dollar a drawer but
it really comes in handy to holding
things in and out when you're traveling
down the road well this has been a tour
of the cruiser ctx 27 RL hope you liked
it okay and if we can be of any help to
you please give us a call here at
couches campers or visit our website
which is WWE Champ verse calm and our
phone number is area code 513 539 00 00
thanks for your time